Welcome to TFC Guide Training orientation. This is a preparation period to get you ready and settled in for the 12 weeks of training ahead

ORIENTATION VIDEO CREATED?

What we cover in this document:

1) Roadmap
2) What is a TFC Guide?
3) Commitment (monthly live POW call)
4) Basecamp X
5) Dialogue covenant
6) Monthly fireside conversations
7) Hardware discounts
8) Week 10: deliver your play session
9) Feedback

Checklist:
- Prepare your daily pow log
- Familiarize yourself with Basecamp X
- Login to the guide room and introduce yourself


1 ------- ROADMAP

Schedule for the next 12 weeks:

Week 1          Orientation (what is a guide, leading by example, the commitment)
Week 2          The Map (5 keys)
Week 3-5        The trek to basecamp (21 hours, 21 days)
Week 6          Play session training
Week 7          Community
Week 8          Leadership
Week 9          Partnerships 
Week 10         Deliver your play session
Week 11         Partnerships
Week 12         Integration, directory bio, sharing your story on a fireside


Thank you for your commitment. Thank you for leading by example

What you get out of the next 12 weeks is directly related to the energy you put into the learning journey

The next 12 weeks will challenge you to be consistent with 1 daily hour of focused learning

You are not alone on this journey. Guides are here to support you, witness your journey and to inspire you

We wish you an enjoyable, playful, rewarding 12 week journey and are grateful to have you as a leader withn our global community



2 ------- WHAT IS A TFC Guide?

A Guide is someone who:

- Explores health deeply, starting with their feet
- Spends time barefoot
- Leads by example
- Takes excellent care of themselves
- Makes income helping others restore excellent health starting with feet

We love to play, are open minded, enjoy good faith disagreements and invest energy everyday into our health

We find purpose in being health resources for our local communities (Healthnodes within the global TFC network)

We feel it's always better to learn than to be right

We view science as the adult word for play

We understand that science is not a perfect tool but it's the best one we have right now for determining truth



3 ------- COMMITMENT

Proof of work is how we keep ourselves accountable over the next 12 weeks and how we provably demonstrate we have done the work 

It's the concrete proof that we showed up everyday and completed the commitment we set for ourselves

Two components:
- Daily note taking in our POW log
- Monthly Live POW call (fill out your sheet and submit 24hrs before the call)

Call Schedule: list call dates and times


4 ------- BASECAMP X


5 ------- DIALOGUE COVENANT

This is our shared agreement that governs how Guides interact with one another in dialogue. Our rules of engagement for discourse
                                   
Created, edited and upheld by Guides

It’s our intention to create and maintain a productive space for intellectual disagreement and generative conversations

We aspire to become a community of individuals who can respectfully challenge each others perspectives and where each indidivual is heard

Together we maintain a safe environment for discourse, underlined by love and understanding

We’re here to learn from each other and contribute our varied experiences and backgrounds to the collective knowledge base

In doing so, we create diversity. Diversity is important because a wide variety of perspectives breeds immunity from bias

We work towards a space where fear is eliminated and every nerd is safe to speak what he/she believes to be true without the danger of repercussions


What this means for you:

Each Guide agrees to help foster a safe environment for discourse and debate

We will use [??] as forums where we can have discussions on controversial topics

When topics come up and Guides want to have a debate/discussion, a space will be created at Basecamp X (email Ruth ro organize?)



All Guides agree that conversations will be conducted with respect, will be constructive and that each person involved is participating in good faith

Good faith can be defined as: 

Contributing to the discussion honestly and fairly and agreeing to follow the guidelines for creating an environment of safety and trust

Everyone who agrees to the covenant (aka agreement) is also an arbiter to ensure that it is respected and enforced

It protects everyone within the space. The covenant is an evolving document

You can view the current version by selecting the dialogue covenant file from the README summary



6 ------- MONTHLY FIRESIDE CONVERSATIONS

A chance to gather digitally as a global community to share stories, recognize accomplishments, answer questions and learn together

Answer community questions, nerd out on feet

Have beautiful disagreements in our quest for truth



7 ------- HARDWARE DISCOUNTS

Guides receive 25% off all TFC Hardware

Please keep this code confidential and only use it for personal purchases

See week 9 (partnerships) for details about selling tfc products from a local node or becoming a national hardware node


8 ------- Week 10: LEAD YOUR PLAY SESSION

What is a play session?

Facilitating high quality connection to self and others

Learning best by teaching


An imporant element of Guide training is sharing your understanding with others

In week 10 (or close to then) you will organize a play session within your local community and earn income from the value you deliver

Although 10 weeks seems like a long time from now, the earlier you begin planning your session, the better preprared you will be

Knowing you will be sharing your newly acquired foot health wisdom with others creates deeper meaning in your learning journey over weeks 1-9

You aren't just taking daily notes for yourself, you're also taking them for others with whom you will share your experience with

5 details to begin thinking about and finalize over the next few weeks:

- When will you offer your play session? (date/time)
- Where will you host it? (location)
- Who will you invite? (participants)
- What will you offer and how much will it cost to register? (length, price)
- How will participants pay you? (payment method)

Spending time thinking about these details is how you begin evisioning your play session

Schedule it. Start telling people about it. Think about where you will host it (outdoor space? yoga/gym facility? your home?)

All of our actions begin as ideas. The clearer the idea, the easier it is to plan and manifest it into reality

Our aim is to give you everything you need to plan, prepare and confidently deliver a great session



9 ------- FEEDBACK

Guide training is a constantly evolving framework and our team is focused on constantly improving the 12 week experience

Every person who works through training helps make it better by offering constructive feedback

Email feedback to Ruth. We need your help to make Guide training better for future Guides

If at any point you have an idea about how we can improve the experience, please share it with us
